Update authentication documentation for Notifications (#1468)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/products/comments/email-notifications.mdx

guide, as it’s possible to create much more complex emails than this simple
example.

### Permissions

When you receive a `threadEmailNotification` webhook event, it's essential to verify if the user has access to the room before sending an email.

> Liveblocks lacks the necessary information to determine if a user has access to a room. For instance, we create an inbox notification when a user is mentioned in a comment. In this user client's context, we can determine if they have access to the notification thanks to the token generated for that user. However, when we send a `threadEmailNotification` webhook event, we lack this information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liveblocks lacks the necessary information to determine if a user has access to a room. For instance, we create an inbox notification when a user is mentioned in a comment. In this user's client context, we can determine if they have access to the notification thanks to the token generated for that user. However, when we send a `threadEmailNotification` webhook event, we lack this information.
```

guide, as it’s possible to create much more complex emails than this simple
example.

### Permissions

When you receive a `threadEmailNotification` webhook event, it's essential to verify if the user has access to the room before sending an email.
Liveblocks lacks the necessary information to determine if a user has access to a room. For instance, we create an inbox notification when a user is mentioned in a comment. In this user client's context, we can determine if they have access to the notification thanks to the token generated for that user. However, when we send a `threadEmailNotification` webhook event, we lack this information.

#### Access token authentication

If you are using access tokens, this will always be true, Liveblocks will never
have the information.

#### ID token authentication

> If you are using ID tokens, Liveblocks already has some information about
> permissions, for each room, you configured in Liveblocks which users and groups
> have access to. What we are currently missing to know if a mentioned user has
> access to a room, is the relationship between a user and a group.
> 
> For now, you have to verify the user access before sending an email, but it's in
> our roadmap to add support for full permissions info in Liveblocks. If you would
> like to have more information about this feature, please contact us.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using ID tokens, Liveblocks already possesses certain information about the permissions you have configured for each room, specifying which users and groups have access. However, what we currently lack is the relationship between a user and a group.
At present, you need to verify user access before sending an email. We do, however, plan to include full permissions info in Liveblocks in our future updates. If you're interested in learning more about this feature, please feel free to reach out to us.
```

guide, as it’s possible to create much more complex emails than this simple
example.

### Permissions

> When receiving a `threadEmailNotification` webhook event, you have to verify if
> the user has access to the room before sending an email.
> 
> Liveblocks doesn't have enough information to know if a user has access to a
> room. For example, when a user is mentioned in a comment, we will create an
> inbox notification. In the context of this user client, thanks to the token
> generated for that user, we will be able to know if they have access or not the
> notification. But when we send a `threadEmailNotification` webhook event, we
> don't have that information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you receive a `threadEmailNotification` webhook event, it's essential to verify if the user has access to the room before sending an email.
Liveblocks lacks the necessary information to determine if a user has access to a room. For instance, we create an inbox notification when a user is mentioned in a comment. In this user client's context, we can determine if they have access to the notification thanks to the token generated for that user. However, when we send a `threadEmailNotification` webhook event, we lack this information.
```
